Established on September 16, 1991, Macao Polytechnic
Institute (MPI) is a public institution of higher education
with an emphasis on applied knowledge and skills. MPI’s
motto is “knowledge, expertise and global vision”, and the
Institute strives to achieve international standards in
teaching and learning, building an e-campus, ensuring
administrative compliance with the law and sound research
management. Small in size and compact in structure, MPI
adopts the strategy of “dual emphasis on teaching and
research”, with a commitment to remain “rooted in Macao and
backed up by the motherland while facing the world and
striving for excellence”.

In MPI there are six Schools, namely, Languages and
Translation, Business, Public Administration, Physical
Education and Sports, Arts and Health Sciences, providing a
broad range of bachelor degree programmes in areas such as
Translation and Interpretation (Chinese-English /
Chinese-Portuguese), E-commerce, Marketing, Accounting,
Public Relations, Management, Gaming and Recreation
Management, Public Administration, Social Work, Computing,
Sino-Lusophone Trade Relations, Physical Education, Visual
Arts, Music, Design, Nursing, and Biomedical Technologies
(Medical Laboratory and Pharmacy Technologies). In
cooperation with several leading universities at home and
abroad, MPI offers joint master degree programmes in areas
such as Foreign Linguistics and Applied Linguistics, Sports
Social Science, Physical Education and Sports Coaching,
Sports Science, Physical Education, Social Work, Specialty
Nursing, Public Administration, Public Management (MPA),
Government Management, Engineering, and Translation and
Conference Interpretation, as well as joint PhD programmes
in Portuguese Language and Culture, Public Management and
Education. These programmes are all practically oriented,
emphasizing both the acquisition of knowledge and
cultivation of skills. Since its establishment, MPI has
produced tens of thousands of professionals who are now
serving in a variety of industries, playing important roles
in society by utilizing their professional knowledge and
skills, and receiving positive feedback from their
employers. 
